 
Ticket details & travel information
Lufthansa booking code: Q00ABC
 
Display/edit booking
  Passenger information
DOE/JANE MS
Miles & More-Number: XXXXXXXXXXX 2025
Ticket number: 2200000000000
  Receipt and Additional documents
Do you require receipts for your tax returns or your travel expenses? You will be able to access all the
receipts at the end of this message.
 Download your receipts now
Option for download is valid up to 90 days after end of travel.
  Your itinerary
Sat. 06 February 2021: Bangalore – Frankfurt  
Important Notice
To enter the terminal, Indian authorities ask you to present a printout of the latest version of your travel itinerary and
passports before entering the check-in lobby at the airport. Please print your travel information and keep it with you.
Access to the airport building is only possible no earlier than 4 hours prior to your departure.
03:35 h Bangalore Kempegowda International Apt (BLR) LH 755
operated by:
09:35 h Frankfurt Frankfurt (FRA) Lufthansa
Terminal 1
 
Status: confirmed Class: Economy Class (S) Free baggage allowance: 1 piece of
baggage and 1 piece of hand baggage
 
Sat. 06 February 2021: Frankfurt – Helsinki  
10:45 h Frankfurt Frankfurt (FRA) LH 848
Terminal 1
operated by:
14:10 h Helsinki Helsinki (HEL) Lufthansa
Terminal 2
Status: confirmed Class: Economy Class (S) Free baggage allowance: 1 piece of
baggage and 1 piece of hand baggage
 
Total Price of your Ticket
Passenger Type Price Taxes, fees & Passengers Total Price of your Ticket
   
    surcharges    
 Adult INR 19250.00 INR 19946.00 1 INR 39196.00  
   
 
  Total Price for all Passengers INR 39196.00  
 
Lufthansa Online Services
You can view and amend your booking at any time online at lufthansa.com. You don't need to register to do this; just
log in with your booking code and surname.
  Under Flight Status you can find out about details of your flight from as early as 5 days before departure and activate
automatic notifications for updated departure information. This applies to all flights that are operated by Lufthansa,
Lufthansa Regional, Austrian Airlines, SWISS or Eurowings.
Show booking Rebook flight Cancel flight Help
  Flight information
Emergency contact: before you set off on your journey, please leave us details of the person you wish us to contact in
the event of an emergency.
Simplified onboard service: In order to minimize contact between people, our current in-flight service has been adapted and
simplified. Please find more information on lufthansa.com.
Please take note of the current free baggage allowance included in your ticket price and the applicable hand baggage
regulations prior to your departure. If you are planning to take excess or special baggage with you, different conditions
  may apply.
As the airfare you have chosen may be a special fare, please note that restrictions may apply regarding rebooking and
cancellation. If the fare conditions allow for a rebooking or refund, please be advised that charges may apply. In the case
of a rebooking, please be aware that, for the new travel dates, you may also need to comply with possible advance
booking deadlines, minimum and maximum stays and restrictions on the departure times. For enquiries regarding the fare
conditions applying to your chosen airfare, please contact your local Lufthansa representative.
 
Please check the applicable health, entry and visa requirements, and ensure that you obtain the necessary visa according
to your itinerary because it contains at least a double transfer within Germany/Europe.
An electronic ticket has been issued for you. Your boarding pass will be available at lufthansa.com from 23 hours prior to
departure. For identification please have your booking reference and your Miles & More Credit Card or the credit card which
has been used at the time of booking ready.
In case you should travel with an airline other than Lufthansa please check here or contact the respective carrier for the
applicable check-in conditions.
Flight services
Current entry regulations
Please note that it is your responsibility to adhere to the entry regulations of all countries you are visiting on your trip.
Currently, these regulations change very frequently. Kindly inform yourself in due time, and again shortly before the trip.
Find more detailed information here.
Note on obligatory facemasks
For Lufthansa, the safety of passengers and employees has the highest priority. Therefore, you will find here the latest
information on the compulsory use of masks.
On lufthansa.com, you will find more information about traveling in times of Corona, the current flight program or the flexible
rebooking options.
Offset CO2 emissions
Invest in innovative, sustainable aviation fuel and reforestation. Offset your flight with Compensaid at lufthansa.com.
Baggage services via the Lufthansa app
With the Lufthansa app you know where your baggage is at all times. Once your bags have been checked in at the counter
or self-service kiosk you can call up a digital baggage receipt via the app. Clicking on the link in the receipt displays the
  loading status of your baggage.
A helpful function: at several airports you will receive a push notification on your phone after landing, telling when you can
reclaim your luggage and which carousel it will be on. More information at lufthansa.com.
Lufthansa on your mobile
The Lufthansa app offers you easy access to all the major Lufthansa services: check in and mobile boarding passes, check
flight status, book flights, reserve seats and much more. Push messages provide useful information about your upcoming
flight. The Lufthansa app is available for iOS and Android for smartphones and tablets. Further information can be found on
lufthansa.com.
Free eJournals for your journey with Lufthansa
As a Lufthansa passenger, many newspapers and magazines of different kinds and in various languages are available to
you as free eJournals. Simply enter your booking code or ticket number and last name on lufthansa.com/eJournals and
download your favourite titles to your mobile device before departure. Your choice of eJournals can be downloaded from
three days before departure until the last day of your journey.
Easy flight data transmission
Together with your booking details you are provided with iCalendar files which can be easily transferred into your electronic
calendar.
Receipts and other documents
If you require receipts for your tax returns or your travel expenses, you can create these by clicking on the relevant
document number.
Passenger Document type Document
 
DOE / JANE Ticket  2200000000000 *
MR
* You have access to the passenger receipt by clicking the ticket number up to 90 days after end of travel.
 
  Thank you for your booking and have a pleasant journey.
Best regards,
Your Lufthansa team
Lufthansa German Airlines is not liable for any changes of the transmitted data undertaken by you or a third party. No liability can be accepted for the accuracy
  of the information included in this document.
Please note that all flight times are local times.
created: 05 February 2021
 
Corporate Headquarters: Registration: lufthansa.com
Deutsche Lufthansa Amtsgericht Köln HRB 2168 Imprint
Aktiengesellschaft, Köln  
Executive Board:  
Chairman of the Supervisory Board: Carsten Spohr (Vorsitzender / Chairman),
Dr. Karl-Ludwig Kley Christina Foerster,
Harry Hohmeister,
  Dr. Detlef Kayser,
Dr. Michael Niggemann,
Remco Steenbergen
 
 
